README.md, before:

[edit](https://github.com/2cld/wip/edit/main/README.md)

[Meeting Link](https://meet.google.com/dov-vkev-tzm)

# Inbox

- ai cleanup sl.2cld.net
  - setup [nsclai](https://gitea.cat9.me/nsadmin/nsclai) on [cat9fin](https://10.147.17.219) based on workstation template [ns11fin](https://netstack.org/docs/lan/compute/workstation/ns11fin/)
  - Document [nsclai](https://gitea.cat9.me/nsadmin/nsclai) prompts
  - pull sl to slwin11
  - clai sl
  - pull [nsmedia](https://gitea.cat9.me/nsadmin/nsmedia)
  - Run index on plex storage
- ai cleanup cf.2cld.net
- ai cleanup tv.2cld.net
- cleanup gdrive
  - hwpc has 180GB each user
- [hwpc](https://hwpc.2cld.net) stuff [github repo](https://github.com/2cld/hwpc)
  - hwpc Ops Agreement (in md)
  - hwpc Buy Sell Agreement (in md)
  - hwpc export attempt
  - hwpc qb backup
  - hwpc account
  - qbooks cleanup
  - qbooks online
- [llc](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1s8cKSdH_wz2Gd1yITGkvWJOBI6gnFXNT) eoy update
  - eoy fhklop, treesaes, thtwig, fletchmc, cat9
  - scripts todo bank imports
  - scripts todo 1065
  - export all to md / cvs
  - using ai to create the scripts in catwin11: code/Account
- Plex network
  - review file system maping
  - update
  - backup
  - monitor
  - songs
  - playlists
  - HDMI KVM [yt-crosstalk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZNEMu4UdhxI)
  - Comet Pro [GL-RM10](https://store-us.gl-inet.com/products/comet-pro-gl-rm10-remote-kvm-over-wi-fi-6?)
- look into 
  - [https://developers.google.com/](https://developers.google.com/)
  - [https://developers.google.com/colab](https://developers.google.com/colab)
  - Google Chat App [yt-playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLDdffPXqmxKMD9efQ0tLoC7hr_DnvPJUB)
  - Google Chat App with Apps Script [yt-google](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bywA9alvXMU)
  - Google Chat app with ChatGPT [yt](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Qs8ztnV_5U)
  - Google Chat API [docs](https://developers.google.com/workspace/chat/api/reference/rest#:~:text=The%20Google%20Chat%20API%20enables,spaces%2C%20members%2C%20and%20messages.)
  - commandline google-voice gv - not google [https://github.com/matthewp/gv-app](https://github.com/matthewp/gv-app)
  - tbd
  - Create [SlackApp](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tnek1Rx6MKA&list=PLVztKpIRxvQXBZoTXrpo0nf_-srxDEuEs)
  - [Web SSH2 - github](https://github.com/billchurch/webssh2)
  - [svelte4.xterm-svelte](https://svelte4.xterm-svelte.pages.dev/)
  - [https://xtermjs.org/](https://xtermjs.org/)
  - [https://github.com/jhubbardsf/svelte-speech-recognition](https://github.com/jhubbardsf/svelte-speech-recognition)
  - [article - Web Speech API](https://www.assemblyai.com/blog/speech-recognition-javascript-web-speech-api#:~:text=how%20it%20works.-,What%20is%20the%20Web%20Speech%20API?,API%20has%20two%20main%20interfaces:)
  - [article msdn - Web Speech API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Speech_API/Using_the_Web_Speech_API#:~:text=Next%2C%20we%20define%20a%20speech,SpeechRecognition.)
  - [aimode search voice input](https://www.google.com/search?udm=50&aep=11&q=I+have+a+pwa+SvelteKit+app+and+I+want+to+add+a+voice+to+txt+input+option%2C+what+it+the+best+way+to+do+that+using+HTML+methods%3F&mtid=sE5YaeD6GN2nptQPuNWRYA&mstk=AUtExfCpVJqkl1Ti2G0AJYdy7lPriWGijTDVAJzQJnxFKQuTvsCMLfLHTmTQwTaE0aBdnTwyswppCPIxYpVzISpt4cetsKUgb5Gnrf6GRfrH5OaUBJBibgTc_fDvGRtH-5flNIRgaqiJYiP91s5P2kIOUNaqcdmH_r1_yB51aa12cioaxcB25TwID5SiTXIKWMMQUxt8U1Bjzy_iRN9CcJJWAgW5676loCk-1Cn4FuN5sLkZfeF-Y5-EC9QBnRFSrHh1dzZ1_gvcQwS-QAff9Pg4jM5foyBLVs4Rdl4&csuir=1)

# Projects
- [nsclai](https://gitea.cat9.me/nsadmin/nsclai)
  - [PAI-repo](https://github.com/danielmiessler/Personal_AI_Infrastructure) - [yt](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Le0DLrn7ta0) added to nsadmin notebooklm [nsclai - AI in the Terminal](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Le0DLrn7ta0)
  - nsadmin notebooklm [nsclai - AI in the terminal](https://notebooklm.google.com/notebook/bd025c91-227d-4bcc-a5e8-3d9d334b8f29)
  - networkchuck [multiple cli ai](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MsQACpcuTkU)
  - networkchuck [https://github.com/theNetworkChuck/ai-in-the-terminal](https://github.com/theNetworkChuck/ai-in-the-terminal)
  - networkchuck [https://ai.google.dev/gemini-api/docs](https://ai.google.dev/gemini-api/docs)
  - networkchuck [https://claude.com/product/claude-code](https://claude.com/product/claude-code)
  - networkchuck [https://opencode.ai/](https://opencode.ai/)
  - Tech with Tim [Run LLM Locally](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=km5-0jhv0JI)
  - Tech with Tim [Local AI with Python](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E4l91XKQSgw)
  - Gemini install [Gemini install](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LY-TStIdGX0)
  - winget install --id SST.OpenCodeDesktop -e --source winget
  - winget install --id SST.opencode -e --source winget
  - winget install -e --id OpenJS.NodeJS
    - npm install -g @google/gemini-cli
  - winget install -e --id Anthropic.ClaudeCode
  - winget install -e --id OpenAI.Codex
    - npm install -g @openai/codex
  
- [nsmedia](https://gitea.cat9.me/nsadmin/nsmedia)
  - index music on slplex via slwin11
  - index music on cfplex via cybertruck
  - figure out rsync feature ?
- [nsgctime](https://gitea.cat9.me/nsadmin/nsgctime) project time
  - slack to google calendar agent
  - deployment test
  - docker ?
- [nscallbot](https://gitea.cat9.me/nsadmin/nscallbot) project time
  - cleanup
- [nspwa](https://gitea.cat9.me/nsadmin/nspwa) project time
  - cleanup
  - gitea github sync and workflow builds (fail)
  - docker deployment
  - nsgctime agent ?
- [nspwa-test](https://gitea.cat9.me/nsadmin/nspwa=test) project time
  - cleanup
- [gitea-to-github](https://gitea.cat9.me/nsadmin/gitea-to-github) project sync
- candybot va nsadmin
  - https://dashboard.vapi.ai/login
  - https://platform.openai.com/settings/organization/usage
  - https://platform.openai.com/docs/quickstart
  - https://horseoffworkspace.slack.com/account/settings
  - https://app.slack.com/client/T09QXQ57BPT/platform
  - https://github.com/settings/security
  - manual
  - sync workflow
  - simple build workflow
- ping 1x linkedin
  - https://github.com/elggem?tab=repositories - 1X VP SW personal
  - https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralfmayet/

# Random crap
- ai on this wip
- video monitors online
- ha frigit
- ha tivo
- Review sl.2cld.net network and storage stuff
- toview
  - personal view rating
  - list of toview with view links
  - tivo on network
  - vhs to digital [yt - MiddleSiggysDigitalWorld](https://www.youtube.com/@MiddleSiggysDigitalWorld/videos)
- toread
  - libby
  - personal booklist rating
- tohear
  - plexamp
  - music archieve
  - playlists
- 3d projects
  - house captures

# Ponder [wip-detail](./wip-detail/) and [tasks](./tasks)
- Create computer kits - moved to [tasks.md](./tasks.md)
- wip to calendar autoattendent - moved to [tasks.md](./tasks.md)
- LLC End of Year - moved to [tasks.md](./tasks.md)


## Repair-2010Buick
In tasks - [Epic: Repair-2010Buick](./tasks.md)
- wip-detail note - moved to [docs/random-links.md](./docs/random-links.md)

# [notes](./docs/)
- [docs/random-links.md](./docs/random-links.md)
- [docs/ai-cli-research](./docs/ai-cli-research)

# Storage
- https://www.sandhfuneralservice.com/obituary/Melvin-Jennings
- tbd

Commit message:

Update README with new links and project details
Added new resources and updated project descriptions.

README.md, after:

[edit](https://github.com/2cld/wip/edit/main/README.md)

[Meeting Link](https://meet.google.com/dov-vkev-tzm)

# Inbox

- ai cleanup sl.2cld.net
  - setup [nsclai](https://gitea.cat9.me/nsadmin/nsclai) on [cat9fin](https://10.147.17.219) based on workstation template [ns11fin](https://netstack.org/docs/lan/compute/workstation/ns11fin/)
  - Document [nsclai](https://gitea.cat9.me/nsadmin/nsclai) prompts
  - pull sl to slwin11
  - clai sl
  - pull [nsmedia](https://gitea.cat9.me/nsadmin/nsmedia)
  - Run index on plex storage
- ai cleanup cf.2cld.net
- ai cleanup tv.2cld.net
- cleanup gdrive
  - hwpc has 180GB each user
- [hwpc](https://hwpc.2cld.net) stuff [github repo](https://github.com/2cld/hwpc)
  - hwpc Ops Agreement (in md)
  - hwpc Buy Sell Agreement (in md)
  - hwpc export attempt
  - hwpc qb backup
  - hwpc account
  - qbooks cleanup
  - qbooks online
- [llc](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1s8cKSdH_wz2Gd1yITGkvWJOBI6gnFXNT) eoy update
  - eoy fhklop, treesaes, thtwig, fletchmc, cat9
  - scripts todo bank imports
  - scripts todo 1065
  - export all to md / cvs
  - using ai to create the scripts in catwin11: code/Account
- Plex network
  - review file system maping
  - update
  - backup
  - monitor
  - songs
  - playlists
  - HDMI KVM [yt-crosstalk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZNEMu4UdhxI)
  - Comet Pro [GL-RM10](https://store-us.gl-inet.com/products/comet-pro-gl-rm10-remote-kvm-over-wi-fi-6?)
- look into 
  - [https://developers.google.com/](https://developers.google.com/)
  - [https://developers.google.com/colab](https://developers.google.com/colab)
  - Google Chat App [yt-playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLDdffPXqmxKMD9efQ0tLoC7hr_DnvPJUB)
  - Google Chat App with Apps Script [yt-google](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bywA9alvXMU)
  - Google Chat app with ChatGPT [yt](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Qs8ztnV_5U)
  - Google Chat API [docs](https://developers.google.com/workspace/chat/api/reference/rest#:~:text=The%20Google%20Chat%20API%20enables,spaces%2C%20members%2C%20and%20messages.)
  - commandline google-voice gv - not google [https://github.com/matthewp/gv-app](https://github.com/matthewp/gv-app)
  - tbd
  - Create [SlackApp](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tnek1Rx6MKA&list=PLVztKpIRxvQXBZoTXrpo0nf_-srxDEuEs)
  - [Web SSH2 - github](https://github.com/billchurch/webssh2)
  - [svelte4.xterm-svelte](https://svelte4.xterm-svelte.pages.dev/)
  - [https://xtermjs.org/](https://xtermjs.org/)
  - [https://github.com/jhubbardsf/svelte-speech-recognition](https://github.com/jhubbardsf/svelte-speech-recognition)
  - [article - Web Speech API](https://www.assemblyai.com/blog/speech-recognition-javascript-web-speech-api#:~:text=how%20it%20works.-,What%20is%20the%20Web%20Speech%20API?,API%20has%20two%20main%20interfaces:)
  - [article msdn - Web Speech API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Speech_API/Using_the_Web_Speech_API#:~:text=Next%2C%20we%20define%20a%20speech,SpeechRecognition.)
  - [aimode search voice input](https://www.google.com/search?udm=50&aep=11&q=I+have+a+pwa+SvelteKit+app+and+I+want+to+add+a+voice+to+txt+input+option%2C+what+it+the+best+way+to+do+that+using+HTML+methods%3F&mtid=sE5YaeD6GN2nptQPuNWRYA&mstk=AUtExfCpVJqkl1Ti2G0AJYdy7lPriWGijTDVAJzQJnxFKQuTvsCMLfLHTmTQwTaE0aBdnTwyswppCPIxYpVzISpt4cetsKUgb5Gnrf6GRfrH5OaUBJBibgTc_fDvGRtH-5flNIRgaqiJYiP91s5P2kIOUNaqcdmH_r1_yB51aa12cioaxcB25TwID5SiTXIKWMMQUxt8U1Bjzy_iRN9CcJJWAgW5676loCk-1Cn4FuN5sLkZfeF-Y5-EC9QBnRFSrHh1dzZ1_gvcQwS-QAff9Pg4jM5foyBLVs4Rdl4&csuir=1)

# Projects
- [ns-site-template](https://gitea.cat9.me/nsadmin/ns-site-template)
  - test cf site in examples
  - may need to rethink generation and focus on building out site-config-template.yml with examples and keywords to search / replace later
- [nsclai](https://gitea.cat9.me/nsadmin/nsclai)
  - need to build up cattails
  - [PAI-repo](https://github.com/danielmiessler/Personal_AI_Infrastructure) - [yt](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Le0DLrn7ta0) added to nsadmin notebooklm [nsclai - AI in the Terminal](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Le0DLrn7ta0)
  - nsadmin notebooklm [nsclai - AI in the terminal](https://notebooklm.google.com/notebook/bd025c91-227d-4bcc-a5e8-3d9d334b8f29)
  - networkchuck [multiple cli ai](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MsQACpcuTkU)
  - networkchuck [https://github.com/theNetworkChuck/ai-in-the-terminal](https://github.com/theNetworkChuck/ai-in-the-terminal)
  - networkchuck [https://ai.google.dev/gemini-api/docs](https://ai.google.dev/gemini-api/docs)
  - networkchuck [https://claude.com/product/claude-code](https://claude.com/product/claude-code)
  - networkchuck [https://opencode.ai/](https://opencode.ai/)
  - Tech with Tim [Run LLM Locally](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=km5-0jhv0JI)
  - Tech with Tim [Local AI with Python](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E4l91XKQSgw)
  - Gemini install [Gemini install](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LY-TStIdGX0)
  - winget install --id SST.OpenCodeDesktop -e --source winget
  - winget install --id SST.opencode -e --source winget
  - winget install -e --id OpenJS.NodeJS
    - npm install -g @google/gemini-cli
  - winget install -e --id Anthropic.ClaudeCode
  - winget install -e --id OpenAI.Codex
    - npm install -g @openai/codex
  
- [nsmedia](https://gitea.cat9.me/nsadmin/nsmedia)
  - index music on slplex via slwin11
  - index music on cfplex via cybertruck
  - figure out rsync feature ?
- [nsgctime](https://gitea.cat9.me/nsadmin/nsgctime) project time
  - slack to google calendar agent
  - deployment test
  - docker ?
- [nscallbot](https://gitea.cat9.me/nsadmin/nscallbot) project time
  - cleanup
- [nspwa](https://gitea.cat9.me/nsadmin/nspwa) project time
  - cleanup
  - gitea github sync and workflow builds (fail)
  - docker deployment
  - nsgctime agent ?
- [nspwa-test](https://gitea.cat9.me/nsadmin/nspwa=test) project time
  - cleanup
- [gitea-to-github](https://gitea.cat9.me/nsadmin/gitea-to-github) project sync
- candybot va nsadmin
  - https://dashboard.vapi.ai/login
  - https://platform.openai.com/settings/organization/usage
  - https://platform.openai.com/docs/quickstart
  - https://horseoffworkspace.slack.com/account/settings
  - https://app.slack.com/client/T09QXQ57BPT/platform
  - https://github.com/settings/security
  - manual
  - sync workflow
  - simple build workflow
- ping 1x linkedin
  - https://github.com/elggem?tab=repositories - 1X VP SW personal
  - https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralfmayet/

# Random crap
- ai on this wip
- video monitors online
- ha frigit
- ha tivo
- Review sl.2cld.net network and storage stuff
- toview
  - personal view rating
  - list of toview with view links
  - tivo on network
  - vhs to digital [yt - MiddleSiggysDigitalWorld](https://www.youtube.com/@MiddleSiggysDigitalWorld/videos)
- toread
  - libby
  - personal booklist rating
- tohear
  - plexamp
  - music archieve
  - playlists
- 3d projects
  - house captures

# Ponder [wip-detail](./wip-detail/) and [tasks](./tasks)
- Create computer kits - moved to [tasks.md](./tasks.md)
- wip to calendar autoattendent - moved to [tasks.md](./tasks.md)
- LLC End of Year - moved to [tasks.md](./tasks.md)


## Repair-2010Buick
In tasks - [Epic: Repair-2010Buick](./tasks.md)
- wip-detail note - moved to [docs/random-links.md](./docs/random-links.md)

# [notes](./docs/)
- [docs/random-links.md](./docs/random-links.md)
- [docs/ai-cli-research](./docs/ai-cli-research)

# Storage
- https://www.sandhfuneralservice.com/obituary/Melvin-Jennings
- tbd
